# TAO Token Introduction



[Background](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/TAO%20Token%20Introduction.md#Background)

[TAO Token Contract and Crowdfunding](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/TAO%20Token%20Introduction.md#TAO-Token-Contract-and-Crowdfunding)

[Project Milestone](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/TAO%20Token%20Introduction.md#Project-Milestone)

[TAO Technical documents and discussion](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/TAO%20Token%20Introduction.md#TAO-Technical-documents-and-discussion)





## Background



The name 'TAO'  derives from a story about aliens. It is a management token in the "Non Account Crypto Trading System (see [white paper](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/doc/non%20account%20Crypto%20trading%20system.md))" and "Decentralized Alipay and Paypal (see [white paper](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/DecentralizedPaypal/blob/master/doc/Decentralized%20Alipay.md))". The idea started in the past few years when we initiated a hackathon project that integrated cryptocurrency exchanges. We originally wanted to attract some like-minded friends to join the blockchain technology. But people like gambling more than technology. Many of them asked me which exchange they can sign up with and how to open an account. Some of them have already traded in the cryptocurrency exchanges, but they still feel annoyed by the low traffic of many exchanges. This demand has caused us to think that if there is a system that can provide cryptocurrency trading, while people do not need to go to any centralized exchange for cumbersome KYC certification, and repeatedly upload their various private information, ID cards, Medicare cards, and mobile phone numbers, passports, etc.  You only need a  wallet to do all the transactions. With our in-depth research on how to implement this system, we found that there is an increasing requirement for a decentralized arbitration system. 

For the blockchain system, its soul is the support of the community. We have introduced TAO, a management token, as an economic stimulus and reward for participating contributors. This management token rewards those who contribute to "Non Account Crypto Trading System" and "Decentralized Alipay and Paypal".



## TAO Token Contract and Crowdfunding

The TAO token contract fully complies with Ethereum's ERC20 token specification. It defines the token name as "Thiaoouba", the token code "TAO", and the decimal is 18.



The benchmark unit of TAO tokens is TAOBit, and a TAO consists of 10**18 TAOBits.



The initial total supply of tokens is 166,666,666 TAOs, of which 100,000,000 will be crowdfunded. The crowdfunding is divided into pre-sale period and official crowdfunding. Before December 31, 2020, it is the pre-sale period, and the exchange ratio with ether is: 1 ether = 20000 TAO. After that is a one-month official crowdfunding. From January 1, 2021 to February 1, 2021, during this period, the exchange ratio of TAO to Ether is: 1 ether = 10000 TAO.



After the crowdfunding, the token will be listed in Uniswap for trading. If it is sold out early in the pre-sale stage, it will enter Uniswap trading stage in advance. It will let the market to determine the value of this project. Hope investors hoard coins instead of speculating coins.



Crowdfunding funds are used to further develop and expand the system, and it is also used to repurchase tokens from the market at a certain time. The remaining part of TAO tokens will be used as rewards for intermediaries participating in the "No Account Trading System" and arbitrators of "Decentralized Alipay". During the operation of the system, half a year before all TAO rewards are used up, the community composed of all TAO holders will decide whether to buy back TAO from the market to reward contributors or use the revenue generated by the system to create TAO to reward contributors. This policy determines the limited supply of TAO.



The crowdfunding contract address:  [0xfD0aAFF589e7Cc0F8E57592C001338f83e950BeE](https://etherscan.io/address/0xfD0aAFF589e7Cc0F8E57592C001338f83e950BeE)

The token contract address: [0xA8773F9210A97be70791c2572E9204879a7428E7](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA8773F9210A97be70791c2572E9204879a7428E7)

 







## Project Milestone

Decentralized paypal smart contract:  2021-3-31 launch on Ethereum testnet

Decentralized paypal  API: 2021-6-30, tested and launch on Ethereum mainnet

Non Account Crypto Trading System smart contract: 2021-9-1 launch on Ethereum testnet

Non Account Crypto Trading System UI, orders split: 2021-12-31

Non Account Crypto Trading System integration and validation: 2022-3-31 launch on Ethereum mainnet





## TAO Technical documents and discussion

[Non Account Crypto Trading System white paper](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/doc/non%20account%20Crypto%20trading%20system.md)

[Decentralized paypal  white paper](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/DecentralizedPaypal/blob/master/doc/Decentralized%20Alipay.md)



Telegram: https://t.me/TaoToken918

Twitter: @Thiaoouba918

Email: thiaoouba918@gmail.com

We welcome more people to participate in this project in various forms, investors, developers, marketman.  Thanks!



[中文版](https://github.com/Thiaoouba-noaccount/ExchangeHub/blob/master/TAO%20%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%97%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E4%BB%8B%E7%BB%8D.md)

